{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is the app of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.catfactstexts.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Cat Facts}}.\
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).\
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number.\
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our app, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.\
We do not set any cookies. \
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number.\
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number. Provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from our mailing list. \
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.\
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. \
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our app to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our app periodically.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the above telephone number.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We have appropriate security measures in place in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.\
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us by calling us at the above telephone number.\
}