{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green176\blue80;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c69020\c31373;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh9480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Problem: \cf0 The messages aren't sending. What do I do?\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  It takes some time for your first message to dispatch from the server. Please wait approximately 5-15 minutes. If there is still a delay, try toggling the ON/OFF switch for the contact and waiting again. If there is still a delay, please email us via the "Feedback & Support" menu option.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 My messages stopped sending. What happened?\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  There are a few possibilities. One possibility is that your recipient blocked the messages upon first arrival. We must follow US TCPA laws which allow a recipient to request the messages to stop. The other possibility is that the recipient\'92s wireless carrier blocked the message by automatic process. If there is still an on-going issue, please email us via the "Feedback & Support" menu option.\
\

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 I bought credits and they weren\'92t applied. Can you help?
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  Yes. Please contact us via the \cf5 Feedback & Support\cf0  menu option and provide details about the credits you purchased that were not properly applied. In the details, please provide:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li368\fi-4\ri-335\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1) The email your account is registered under.\uc0\u8232 2) The name and phone number of the contact you bought credits for.\u8232 3) The amount of credits purchased.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-335\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We will check and apply the credits appropriately and reply to report back and confirm.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 I tried purchasing a credit pack and nothing happened. What should I do?
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  The original purchase failed for some reason. Please try again. You will not be double charged. You can also try completely closing (quitting) the app and re-opening to reset it, then purchasing again. \
\

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 I tried to send to an international phone, but it didn\'92t work.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  Please insert a + sign in front of the phone number\'92s country code.\
\

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 It doesn\'92t look like texts are being sent. What is happening?\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  Please wait a little while for the server to dispatch the messages. This typically takes 5-15 minutes, but could be a little longer on rare occasions. The messages will send at the rate set per day for the contact\'92s profile. Tap the contact to set this. You may also try toggling the ON/OFF switch to restart sending of messages.\
\

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 Can I transfer credits from one contact to another?\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  Yes. Please contact us via the \cf5 Feedback & Support\cf0  menu option and provide details about the credits you want transferred. In the details, please provide:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li349\fi-9\ri-335\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1) The email your account is registered under.\uc0\u8232 2) The name of the contact where credits are coming from and the contact name they are going to.\u8232 3) The phone number of the contact where credits are coming from and the phone number they are going to.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-335\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We will transfer the credits appropriately and reply to report back and confirm.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Problem: \cf0 I\'92m not exactly satisfied. Can you provide me with a refund?\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cf3 Solution:\cf0  Please contact us via the \cf5 Feedback & Support\cf0  menu option and provide details about the credits you purchased that you would like a refund for. We will work to get your refund processed in a timely manner.}