{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh9480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Q: Does this really work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: Yes! Your contacts will receive funny, interesting and random cat facts. If you are having issues, please contact us via the \cf2 Feedback & Support\cf0  menu option and we will gladly help.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Q: Is it anonymous?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: Yes. The app sends anonymously from a non-listed number. Your phone number is never displayed or used. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Q: Does the recipient need to have the app installed for this to work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: No! The recipient does not need to have the app. The app sends messages by SMS text message so as long as your recipient can receive text messages, this will work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Q: Are there any other fees?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: No. The only fee is for the credits to send messages. 1 credit = 1 text message. Standard data and text messaging rates may apply.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Q: Why do I have to buy credits?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: Although sending text messages through your wireless carrier plan is typically free, sending bulk messages through a third party system, such as this app, is not free. That is why we must charge a very small fee to cover our costs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Q: Can the recipient stop the messages?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A: Yes. The app must follow TCPA laws which allows a recipient of text messages to request them to stop. If this is the case, we can issue you a refund or transfer your credits to another contact. \
\
For more help and information about the app, see the \cf2 Help menu\cf0  and the \cf2 About menu.\cf0 \
}