{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh9480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cat Facts is a text messaging service which provides random, funny, and interesting facts about cats. Cat Facts has also become widely known as a popular Internet trolling prank made popular by Reddit.\
\

\f1\b Features:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li731\fi-295\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 \'95	**NEW** View Conversation History. View the entire conversation history, including all messages sent and the replies.\
\'95	Fast Delivery. First message sent within 15 minutes.\
\'95	Anonymous. Your phone number is never used or shown.\
\'95	Unlisted Phone Number. The text messages come from an unlisted phone number.\
\'95	Delivery Rate Control. You control the amount of messages sent per day.\
\'95	Works Everywhere. All US domestic and international based wireless carriers are supported.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b How to Use:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li705\fi-336\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 1)	Sign up with any email address. \
2)	Add a new contact.\
3)	After adding a contact, buy credits for the number of text messages you want sent. 1 credit = 1 text message. It costs us money to send the text messages so we need to charge to cover our costs.\
4)	Now, flip the switch to the "ON" (green) position for the contact. This begins sending the texts. To stop, simply switch to the "OFF" position.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Tips:\

\f0\b0 Tap on the contact's name to modify their name, number or profile photo. You can also choose the number of texts to send per day for each contact. Your remaining credits are shown here and you can view the conversation history as well.\
\
You can start/stop the sending of messages by toggling the ON/OFF switch. The ON position means the messages are currently sending. The OFF position means the messages will stop sending.\
\
For more help and frequently asked questions, see the \cf2 Help menu\cf0  and the \cf2 FAQ menu.}