{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Thanks for using Cat Facts Texts. These terms of service ("Terms") cover your use and access to the products, services, software, platform and websites (collectively, "Services") provided by Cat Facts Texts ("Cat Facts Texts"). By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms as well as our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.catfactstexts.com/privacy-policy.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Privacy Policy}}. If you are using our Services as the employee or agent of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that organization.\
You must be the legal age of majority in your state of residence and able to form a binding contract with Cat Facts Texts in order to use the Services. In no event is use of the Services permitted by those under the age of 13.\
1. Terms\
By accessing this Service, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and conditions of use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local, state or Federal laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Service. The materials contained in this Service are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.\
2. Use License\
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Cat Facts Texts' Service for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 modify or copy the materials;\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Cat Facts Texts' Service;\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Cat Facts Texts at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or physical format.\
3. Disclaimer\
The materials on Cat Facts Texts' Service are provided "as is". Cat Facts Texts makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Cat Facts Texts does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Service or otherwise relating to such materials or on any services linked to from this Service.\
4. Limitations\
In no event shall Cat Facts Texts or it\'92s owners, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors and/or affiliates, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages) arising out of or relating to the materials, the products or the services provided by Cat Facts Texts or the use or the inability to use the materials on Cat Facts Texts' Service, even if Cat Facts Texts or a Cat Facts Texts authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. \
5. Revisions and Errata\
The materials appearing on Cat Facts Texts' Service could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Cat Facts Texts does not warrant that any of the materials on the Service are accurate, complete, or current. Cat Facts Texts may make changes to the materials contained on its Service at any time without notice. Cat Facts Texts does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.\
6. Links\
Cat Facts Texts has not reviewed any or all of the third parties linked to from its Service and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked third party. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Cat Facts Texts of the Service. Use of any such linked third party is at the user's own risk.\
7. Terms of Use Modifications\
Cat Facts Texts may revise these Terms for its Service at any time without notice. By using this Service you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and conditions of use.\
8. Governing Law\
Any claim relating to Cat Facts Texts' service shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the Cat Facts Texts operates within without regard to its conflict of law provisions.\
These Terms and Conditions of Use are applicable to the use of the Cat Facts Texts Service.\
}